PROBLEM DESCRIPTION
    Given two non-empty Linked Lists representing 2 non-negative integers.
    2 -> 4 -> 3 (342)
    5 -> 6 -> 4 (465)

    The digits are stored in REVERSE ORDER, and each of their nodes contains a single digit.
    
    ADD THE 2 NUMBERS AND RETURN THE SUM AS A LINKED LIST.
    You may assume the two numbers do not contain any leading zero, except the number 0 itself.

    The first solution I'd think of is to iterate through both at the same time.
    You'd have to keep going for as long as the biggest of the two numbers.

    Say:
    9 -> 4 -> 7 -> 5 -> 4 -> 3 (345749)
    5 -> 6 -> 4                   (465)

    Really, you just care to sum all the way up to the "5" of the bigger number.
    Because if you add 7+4, you must add the carry-over to the "5" digit.
    Then the rest of the digits must be appended to the linked-list, but they're unchanged.

    Another solution I can think of is trying to recreate the numbers, and let the program do the sum.
    That still requires going through both. Append digits to two different strings: one per number.
    So you'd end up with two strings like this:
     string a = "345749"
     string b = "465"
     Then, parse them to integer and do the operation (int)a+(int)b

     Finally, parse the integer back and add each digit to a new LinkedList
     That requires going through the whole complete number, which seems wastefufa-li
     Not to mention all the parsing we're doing.

    What's the runtime?
    Well, you pass through the elements just once, so O(N).
    More specifically (sorry, I read this before writing it down)
    It's O(max(a, b)).
    That is, you have to go through at least all the digits of the bigger number
    I'd say it could be even O(a+1) sometimes. Suppose a.length = b.length
    If the last digits were both 9's, you'd also have to consider the carryover. Thus, you'd need to add one more digit.

    Sorry, I read the space complexity too. It's O(1) space. Though I'm not sure why yet.
    I'd say you save one linked-list only, yes, which has O(n+1) digits at most. But because that's the solution,
    I really don't know if it counts.

    Sure, here's what the site says:
    The length of the new list is at most max⁡(m,n)+1
    However, we don't count the answer as part of the space complexity.

    Turns out it might as well be the solution, as there's no other one.
